Test reftests and add some readme files (#6184)
ocaml/opam: tests/reftests/readme.md

## Features and format

### General view

A reftest looks like
```
REPO_HASH
### opam command
output line 1
output...
### <filename>
contents...
### opam command
output...
### ENV_VAR=x opam command
output...
```

- its first line is
  * the git hash of the opam repository to use, an opamroot is already
    initialised with that repo as "default"
  * or N0REP0 if there are no dependencies on opam repository. In this case, an opamroot is
    already initialised with an empty `default` repository in `./REPO`
    directory, that you need to populate
- 'opam' is automatically redirected to the correct binary
- the command prefix is `### `
- comments have the following syntax: `### : comment`

### File creation

- use `### <FILENAME>` followed by the content of the file, to create a file verbatim
- use `### <pkg:NAME.VERSION>` followed by the content of an opam file, to
  add this package to `default` repository in `./REPO`. This will also implicitly run `opam update default`
- use `### <pkg:NAME.VERSION:FILENAME>` followed by the content of the file, to add this
  file as a extra-file of the given package in the `default` repository, and
  implicitely run `opam update default`

> - use `### <pin:path>`, then the contents below to create a minimal opam
>   file, it is extended by template defined fields to pin it without lint
>   errors

Author: ```suggestion
- use `### <pin:path>` followed by the content of an opam file, to have some 
  fields automatically filled to be able to pin it without lint errors
```
